the world is small especially that of Italian football and pinetina a tra
a few days it will be even more
crossed destinies is not just the title of a sidney pollack movie with
harrison ford
it is an adaptable climate I also estimate to describe the technical staff of the
nerazzurri next season
the official action is still lacking but it can easily be foreseen as next
to the confirmed bernazzani graffiti from Bari and communicated to me on the site
inter will be joined by gasperi
brown canine
historic vice technician from Turin luca tricks athletic coach
excluding the two trainers, they kidnap and trick all the staff members
former football player technician
and they all said to one another. your destiny with inter
in this case focus on the 1988 championship 89
that of the inter of the records
that won over Giovanni on the bench, the scudetto number 13 of his
history
the first cross we tell you about on October 16th 1988
murder comes the lace of the volcanic president treble
the Tuscans even go ahead the hill marks a certain one
daniele bernazzani produced Inter's avai with which he played three seasons in
first team
ipisa resists 78 minutes before inter assaults before collapsing in the final
merit of the goalkeeper alessandro mista 23 promise of Italian football
until mid-June, a midfielder is enabled in the hallo pizza
gritty brown canine then transferred to the cosenza
another key moment in the Nerazzurri season was the twenty-fifth
day
the inter hosts the emerging fisherman the noooo galleon of the area whose a
The key man is a 30-year-old midfielder
his name
giampiero gasperini
pizza with the two goals over with 20 being nàpoli pescara an opportunity to overturn
the match
on the disk but who are you waiting for
pete rock gets hypnotized today
in with the inter tomorrow technicians historically attentive to the defensive phase
and if a defender arrives more often than the recovery to armor the result
the number one candidate was giuseppe baresi
in one case I totaled 32 appearances out of 34 competitions with which, however, 21 taking over from the
bench
the most attentive will remind you of the panini figurines of those years
protagonists of the series a
rigorous alphabetical order giuseppe baresi
daniele bernazzani
bruno canino gian piero gasperini alessandro nista
different past a common present the inter
it is small the world was said, instead the Nerazzurri world is big and we are
sure the first time comes to the technical staff in the coming days
presentations do not last long are all familiar faces already knew from
times in the figures